GQL framework (#212)
neo4j/docs-status-codes: modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

[[status-codes]]
ifdef::backend-pdf[]
= Status Codes for Errors and Notifications
endif::[]
ifndef::backend-pdf[]
= Introduction
endif::[]
:description: Status codes for errors and notifications Neo4j 5
:neo4j-buildnumber: {neo4j-version}

This manual covers all status codes for errors and notifications that a Neo4j server may return to indicate the result of a Cypher request.

Starting from 5.23 for notifications and 5.25 for errors, the Neo4j DBMS supports the GQL standard. +
GQL is the new link:https://www.iso.org/home.html[ISO] International Standard query language for graph databases.
Cypher®, Neo4j’s query language, supports most mandatory and a substantial portion of the optional GQL features (as defined by the link:https://www.iso.org/standard/76120.html[ISO/IEC 39075:2024(en) - Information technology - Database languages - GQL Standard]).
For more information, see link:https://neo4j.com/docs/cypher-manual/current/appendix/gql-conformance/[Cypher Manual -> GQL conformance].

> As part of this GQL compliance, Cypher now also includes status codes that a GQL-compliant DBMS returns to indicate the outcome of a request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of this GQL compliance, Cypher also includes status codes that a GQL-compliant DBMS returns to indicate the outcome of a request.
```
The "now" gets old quickly.

:description: The Neo4j status codes for Neo4j version {neo4j-version}.
:neo4j-buildnumber: {neo4j-version}

The Neo4j 5 Status Codes manual includes all status codes that a Neo4j server may return to indicate the outcome of a Cypher request.

Starting from 5.23 for notifications and 5.25 for errors, the Neo4j DBMS supports the GQL standard. +
GQL is the new link:https://www.iso.org/home.html[ISO] International Standard query language for graph databases.
Cypher®, Neo4j’s query language, supports most mandatory and a substantial portion of the optional GQL features (as defined by the link:https://www.iso.org/standard/76120.html[ISO/IEC 39075:2024(en) - Information technology - Database languages - GQL Standard]).
For more information, see link:https:https://neo4j.com/docs/cypher-manual/current/appendix/gql-conformance/[Cypher Manual -> GQL conformance].

As part of this GQL compliance, Cypher now also includes status codes that a GQL-compliant DBMS returns to indicate the outcome of a request.

> For more information on GQL status code framewoks for notifications and errors, see xref:notifications/index.adoc[] and xref:errors/index.adoc[].

Author: ```suggestion
For more information on the GQL-status object framework for notifications and errors, see xref:notifications/index.adoc[] and xref:errors/index.adoc[].
```

> For more information on GQL status code framewoks for notifications and errors, see xref:notifications/index.adoc[] and xref:errors/index.adoc[].

Author: I'll assign Hannes after we finish with the current comments.
